README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# 🧐 No problem! Ruby on Rails Capstone

## Concept

> A Social networking sites build it with RoR allows you to create a user account to post problems related to different categories, create new categories, follow and be followed by other users, upload photos and edit the texts you post.

> View with your user sign in

![screenshot](./app/assets/images/index.png)

## 🎥 PRESENTATION VIDEO
[Link Presentation Video](https://www.loom.com/share/d6f7cc361f0a438abf417cec1471465f)

## 🔴 Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://glacial-shelf-86066.herokuapp.com/)

## 🛠 Built With

- Ruby on Rails
- Postgresql
- Linters
- Devise
- Action Storage


## 🔧 Getting Started

> To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Go to the main page of the repo.
- Press the "Code" button and get the repo link.
- Clone it using git clone.

### 📝 Prerequisites

- Ruby -v2.7.0p0
- Rails -v6.0.3.3

### 📝 Setup

 - Open a terminal
 - Copy this code : 
        ```
        git clone "put the link from github repo"
        ```
 - Run the program with this code :
        ```
        bundle install
        ```       
- Run the program with this code :
        ```
        rails db:create
        rails db:migrate
        ```
- now you can run ```rails server```
- Stop the program with: "Ctrl + C" (Windows or Linux) or "Command + C"(Apple)

### 📝 How to interact with the app?

- When the program is running go to your browser

- put: localhost:3000/

- Click on login, register and create a new article

- Enjoy the app.

### Usage

- Personal Project - Create a basic social media app just with learning purpose

## 👤 Authors

👤 **Giordano Díaz**

- Github: [@diazgio](https://github.com/diazgio)
- Twitter: [@giordano_diaz](https://twitter.com/giordano_diaz)
- LinkenIn:[LinkenIn](www.linkedin.com/in/Giordano-Diaz)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Add changes in styles and controllers

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# 🧐 No problem! Ruby on Rails Capstone

## :scroll: Concept

> A Social networking sites build it with RoR allows you to create a user account to post problems related to different categories, create new categories, follow and be followed by other users, upload photos and edit the texts you post.

> View with your user sign in

![screenshot](./app/assets/images/index.png)

## :octocat: Usage

- This project intends to practice my skills building a full working MVP;
- Prepare data architecture documentation;
- Work with deployment to Heroku.<br>

## 🎥 PRESENTATION VIDEO
[Link Presentation Video](https://www.loom.com/share/d6f7cc361f0a438abf417cec1471465f)

## 🔴 Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://glacial-shelf-86066.herokuapp.com/)

## 🛠 Built With

- Ruby on Railss
- Heroku
- Postgresql

### :gem: Gems and tools

- Action Text and Trix: Style forms and rich text editors
- Action Storage: Attach images
- Bootstrap: Styles
- Devise: manage users
- Faker: Seed fake users and diferent models that you have
- Font-awesome: Include icons in methods
- Hirb: Style tables in console to visualize them better
- Linters: Rubocop
- Simple_form: Improve the way to setup forms
- Rspec-rails: test all content in your rails app


## 🔧 Getting Started

> To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Go to the main page of the repo.
- Press the "Code" button and get the repo link.
- Clone it using git clone.

### 📝 Prerequisites

- Ruby -v2.7.0p0
- Rails -v6.0.3.3

### 📝 Setup

 - Open a terminal
 - Copy this code : 
        ```
        git clone "put the link from github repo"
        ```
 - Run the program with this code :
        ```
        bundle install
        yarn install --check-files
        ```       
- Run the program with this code :
        ```
        rails db:create
        rails db:migrate
        ```
- now you can run ```rails server```
- Stop the program with: "Ctrl + C" (Windows or Linux) or "Command + C"(Apple)

### 📝 How to interact with the app?

- When the program is running go to your browser

- put: localhost:3000/

- Click on login, register and create a new article

- Enjoy the app.

## 👤 Authors

👤 **Giordano Díaz**

- Github: [@diazgio](https://github.com/diazgio)
- Twitter: [@giordano_diaz](https://twitter.com/giordano_diaz)
- LinkenIn:[giordano-diaz](www.linkedin.com/in/Giordano-Diaz)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## :pray: Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## :point_right: Acknowledgments

- This app is inspirate in the design of Gregoire Vella on Behance
- You can find the original project here: [link](https://www.behance.net/gallery/14286087/Twitter-Redesign-of-UI-details)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.
